Updated `Table` documentation (#2414)
iTwin/iTwinUI: apps/website/src/content/docs/table.mdx

Reviewer: - Can we reorder the headings so that the most commonly used features come first? e.g. Sorting, Filtering, Selection should probably come before `initialState`, `getRowId` and `Subrow`
- Since there are so many headings, nesting everything under "Usage" doesn't feel right. We can rename "Usage" to "Basic usage" and un-nest all headings. Or we could find better ways to organize it.

Reviewer: > Suggested addition to table docs: [iTwin/admin-components-react#149 (comment)](https://github.com/iTwin/admin-components-react/pull/149#discussion_r2049118744)
> 
> **UPDATE:** after re-reading, this suggestion might be for dropdown menu, not table.

The suggestion is wrong. This needs to be documented in Table, not in DropdownMenu, because Table is the component that adds a click handlers on the parent of an interactive element.

We can document it together with the `selectOnRowClick` prop.

<p>{frontmatter.description}</p>

Tables are an important element in most web-based applications. We’ve presented a set of flexible standards to allow for a variety of table configurations. This flexibility enables you to configure your `Table` with the necessary functionality without over-complicating the design.

<LiveExample src='Table.main.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.TableMainExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

Bentley makes extensive use of tables and data grids throughout its web applications. Use the following flexible grid format below in most circumstances as it provides functionality “built in” to the design, and because users learning how to consistently sort, filter, and search tables is an important skill to leverage.

## Basic Usage

Related sections: [Commonly Used Props](#commonly-used-props), [All Props](#props).

> **Note**: To avoid bugs, always try **memoizing** props.

Reviewer: "Related sections" could be moved at the end, after the basic demo?

And this memoization "note" can be moved after the bullet list but before the demo.

</LiveExample>

### Single-row selection

In single row selection mode (`selectionMode="single"`), users can select each row by clicking on the desired row.

**Note**: For accessibility reasons, in single-selection Tables, it is highly recommended to include a button in the primary cell of each row. [More info](https://github.com/iTwin/iTwinUI/issues/2130#issuecomment-2209287280).

```jsx
const columns = React.useMemo(
  () =>
    [
      /* … */
      {
        /* … */
        Cell: ({ value }) => {
          return (
            <Anchor
              as="button"
              onClick={() => console.log(`Selected ${value}`)}
            >
              {value}
            </Anchor>
          );
        },
      },
    ] satisfies Column[],
  []
);
```

<LiveExample src='Table.selectSingle.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.TableSelectSingleExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

### Prevent accidental row selection

By default, `selectRowOnClick` is `true`. This is ideal for most cases. However, this can be disabled in use-cases where the loss of the selection state due to an accidental row click is too disruptive.

```jsx {3}
<Table
  /* … */
  selectRowOnClick={false}
/>
```

> To prevent the selection of the row when just hoping to select the cell content, we add a wrapper to increase the hit size of the cell content. However, this does not happen if a `cellRenderer` is passed with custom children.

Reviewer: Avoid using "we" in documentation.

```suggestion
To prevent the selection of the row when just hoping to select the cell content, iTwinUI adds a wrapper to increase the hit size of the cell content. However, this does not happen if a `cellRenderer` is passed with custom children.
```

Reviewer: The docs are about iTwinUI, not about us. I would recommend reading this if you want to understand how to write better documentation: https://contribute.docs.astro.build/guides/writing-style/

    {
      /* … */
    },

    // hit-size increasing wrapper added since
    // <DefaultCell> children is not overridden.
    {
      /* … */
      cellRenderer: (props) => <DefaultCell {...props} />,
    },

    // hit-size increasing wrapper NOT added since
    // <DefaultCell> children is overridden.
    {
      /* … */
      cellRenderer: (props) => (
        <DefaultCell {...props}>
          <span>{props.value}</span>
        </DefaultCell>
      ),
    },
  ],
  [],
);
```

To prevent the selection of the row when clicking on custom content in `Cell` or `cellRenderer`, you may need to stop click event propagations.

```jsx {10, 14}
const columns = React.useMemo(
  () => [
    /* … */
    {
      ...ActionColumn(),
      Cell: () => {
        return (
          <DropdownMenu
            menuItems={menuItems}
            onClick={(e) => e.stopPropagation()} // 👈
          >
            <IconButton
              styleType='borderless'
              onClick={(e) => e.stopPropagation()} // 👈
              aria-label='More options'
            >
              <SvgMore />
            </IconButton>
          </DropdownMenu>
        );
      },
    },
  ],
  [],
);
```

> ## Sorting

Reviewer: As the "Selection" section has become long, I'm thinking "Sorting" should come before "Selection" for better flow.

  () => [
    /* … */
    {
      Header: 'Name',
      accessor: 'name',
      sortDescFirst: true,
    },
    {
      Header: 'Description',
      accessor: 'description',
      disableSortBy: true,
    },
  ],
  [],
);

<Table
  /* … */
  columns={columns}
  isSortable
/>;
```

<LiveExample src='Table.sorting.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.TableSortingExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

## Subrow

The `Table` component supports hierarchical data structures allowing end users to display collapsible subrows. Each data entry in the `data` array can have a `subRows` array.

```jsx {6, 11}
const data = React.useMemo(() => {
  return [
    {
      name: 'Row 1',
      description: 'Description',
      subRows: [{ name: 'Subrow 1', description: 'Description 1' }],
    },
    {
      name: 'Row 2',
      description: 'Description',
      subRows: [
        {
          name: 'Subrow 2',
          description: 'Description 2',
          subRows: [{ name: 'Subrow 2.1', description: 'Description 2.1' }],
        },
      ],
    },
  ];
}, []);
```

<LiveExample src='Table.subRows.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.TableSubRowsExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

## Expandable content

> **Note**: Subrows and Expandable content _cannot_ be used simultaneously.

Reviewer: This note can be moved after the demo.

Apart from collapsible subrows, custom collapsible content can also be rendered right after the row if it is expanded. This is done by passing a function to the `subComponent` prop.

<LiveExample src='Table.expandableContent.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.TableExpandableContentExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

## Virtualization

> **Note**: This feature is still considered _experimental_ and so may have some performance issues, bugs, future changes, etc. If virtualization does not work, [pagination](#pagination) is the next best alternative for large datasets.

Reviewer: This note can be moved after the demo.

Reviewer: Then place it before the demo but after the main text. It doesn't make sense to start a section with "this feature is still considered experimental" when we haven't explained what the feature is.

Also, when the note is the first paragraph, it creates ambiguity around where the note ends ("Is the second paragraph part of the note or not?"). We could fix this with styling, but semantically it would still remain ambiguous. So as a rule of thumb, notes should be placed at the end.

> <Placeholder componentPageName='table--basic' />

Reviewer: The placeholder has served its purpose, let's remove it.

If there are any features not documented yet, we can link to specific stories at the bottom of the page under a "More examples" heading.

```jsx
const tableInstance = React.useRef<TableInstance<DemoData>>(undefined);

// Example of manually triggering an action
const toggleRowSelected = (id: string, checked: boolean) => {
  tableInstance.current?.toggleRowSelected(id, checked);
}

<Table
  /* … */
  stateReducer={
    useCallback((newState, action, prevState, instance) => {
      tableInstance.current = instance;

      // Some custom logic depending on action
      // if (action.type === "…") {
      //   …
      // }

      return newState;
    }, []) satisfies NonNullable<TableOptions<DemoData>['stateReducer']>
  }
/>
```

### Selection

The `Table` component supports row selection, allowing users to select one or more rows for actions by setting the `isSelectable` prop to `true`.

```jsx {6}
<Table
  /* … */
  data={data}
  columns={columns}
  emptyTableContent='No data.'
  isSelectable
/>
```

There are two available selection modes passed using the `selectionMode` prop: `"single"` and `"multi"` (default).

#### Single-row selection

In single row selection mode (`selectionMode="single"`), users can select each row by clicking on the desired row.

> **Note**: For accessibility reasons, in single-selection Tables, it is highly recommended to include a button in each selectable row. [More info](https://github.com/iTwin/iTwinUI/issues/2130#issuecomment-2209287280).

Reviewer: The button should be in the _primary_ cell.

```suggestion
**Note**: For accessibility reasons, in single-selection Tables, it is highly recommended to include a button in the primary cell of each row. [More info](https://github.com/iTwin/iTwinUI/issues/2130#issuecomment-2209287280).
```

```jsx
const columns = React.useMemo(
  () =>
    [
      /* … */
      {
        /* … */
        Cell: ({ value }) => {
          return (
            <Anchor
              as="button"
              onClick={() => console.log(`Selected ${value}`)}
            >
              {value}
            </Anchor>
          );
        },
      },
    ] satisfies Column[],
  []
);
```

<LiveExample src='Table.selectSingle.jsx'>
  <AllExamples.TableSelectSingleExample client:load />
</LiveExample>

> #### Multi-row selection

Reviewer: Multi-row selection should be documented before single-row selection.

Also we need to mention `selectOnRowClick` somewhere.

Reviewer: Typo. I meant `selectRowOnClick`, not `selectOnRowClick`.

https://github.com/iTwin/iTwinUI/blob/1b78680da0b105afaa616d9f289eb99113978946/packages/itwinui-react/src/core/Table/Table.tsx#L433

Reviewer: I think it could be a third subheading after "multi-row selection" and "single-row selection"? Multi should definitely be the first one.
